SAFE 

In these times, everything is always at our fingertips. And while this accessibility to everything and everyone
benefits us in unimaginable ways, it can also be detrimental. For those with impulse control issues,
for adolescents and teens with minds that are still developing and for victims of trauma, easy access to 
certain memories, contact information, images, writings can prove to be complicated/problematic. This app has 
this in mind. This app can additionally aid those who just wish to be more reflective before accessing 
emotionally charged media. Using Safe, the user can choose what it is they would like to safeguard. 
Stow it away. And revisit it for a set amount of time only after successfully completing an emotional 
evaluation created by mental health professionals. SAFE will provide a moment to reflect, a speedbump, 
before accessing the information. This habitual reflection can act like training wheels for those wishing 
to be more cogniscent of their patterns. 


USER STORY:

The user will be able to sign up with an email, name and password. On their profile page they will see the
option to create a memory. The user will name the memory and it can be in the form of an image or text or both.
The user will also be able to select an amount of time they will be allowed to view memory if granted access.
The memories will be logged on the user profile with only their name visible. When clicked on, a test will 
pop up. It is an emotional evaluation with three questions. If all questions have stable responses, the user
will be able to view the memory for the predetermined amount of time. If not, the user remains on the profile
page with the option to create more memories. 

https://whimsical.com/safe-web-version-of-softblock-PLoQFuxniVsWhFW1uXiZvw 


ICEBOX SoftBlock:

-Mobile version called SoftBlock. Test appears when trying to access selected Apps or contact info on phone.
-Expand test.
-Build out a library of questions and answers that can be called upon at random and so previous questions 
    aren't asked.
-Include math and logic questions to block inebriated Users. 
-While setting up profile an initial test is taken that determines your math placement.

https://whimsical.com/soft-block-icebox-88vvLkXTqx29XomegjXVnL




